okay what the hell happened back there I
don't know you tell me
one minute I'm holding been like a
football the next thing I know I've got
two kids I'm living in Scarsdale
complaining about the taxes I'm sorry I
think about stuff you know I mean you're
at work you're assembling bones your
mind wanders so you planned out the next
20 years of our lives we've been dating
for six weeks
oh come on but you never think about our
future yes but I think the partner we're
gonna sleep at tomorrow night and and
we're gonna have dinner next Saturday
night I do not think about what our
children's names are gonna be you know
what our children's names are gonna be
no no I mean you know away I read a book
and there was a girl named Emily and I
thought I thought that might be good
what was the book the big book of
children's name what we have is amazing
yeah but I do not want to have
everything decided for me I spent my
whole life like that
I that's what I had with Barry that was
one of the reasons I left I like not
knowing right now and I'm sorry if that
scares you but if you want to be with me
you're gonna have to deal with that okay
fine thank you we're not done I didn't
know that understand you were the guy
who's not gonna stop planning his future
with you because he knows we're gonna
end up together and if that scares you
tough because you're gonna have to deal
with that fine I will
good cuz I love you oh yeah yeah well I
love you too well that's the first time
we've said that yes it is well I'm gonna
kiss you well you better
okay we can do this now can't leave him
yes we can yes we can I'm sorry what did
you just say just fit hi I'll be good
Ross Ross Ben just said hi hi what the
water boy no my uncle hi great great and
I miss that too I miss everything
oh sorry I guess I just bring it out in
you hi hi you know actually it's more
like hi okay this could go on for a
while okay wait yes well this was fun we
should really do it again sometime then
what do you say okay okay bye you guys
did you just say goodbye
laughs they can go off to college okay
see you later
boom boom oh wow look at this nice deep
hole I've been digging hey Bert isn't
this a nice nice hole here okay Ben this
is the part where Ernie buries Bert in
the sand and can't find him now
I've looked ahead on the tape and he
does find him again okay before that
happens there's some pretty rough going
for a while but I think we can handle it
and there's just the alphabet but we
know that ends well so Bert what
happened to my friend Bert he was here
just a moment ago oh no my old friend
birdy lost so glad you're here